and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
Aaron to his sons and to all the
children of Israel and say to them this
is the thing which the Lord has
commanded saying whatever man of the
house of Israel who kills an ox or lamb
or goat in the camp or who kills it
outside the camp and does not bring it
to the door of the tabernacle of meeting
to offer an offering to the Lord before
the tabernacle of the Lord the guilt of
bloodshed shall be imputed to that man
he has shed blood and that man shall be
cut off from among his people to the end
that the children of Israel may bring
their sacrifices which they offer in the
open field that they may bring them to
the Lord at the door of the tabernacle
of meeting to the priest and offer them
as peace offerings to the Lord and the
priest shall sprinkle the blood on the
altar of the Lord at the door of the
tabernacle of meeting and burn the fat
for a sweet aroma to the Lord they shall
no more offer their sacrifices to demons
after whom they have played the harlot
this shall be a statute forever for them
throughout their generations also you
shall say to them whatever man of the
house of Israel or of the strangers who
dwell among you who offers a burnt
offering or sacrifice and does not bring
it to the door of the tabernacle of
meeting to offer it to the Lord that man
shall be cut off from among his people
and whatever man of the house of Israel
or of the strangers who dwell among you
who eats any blood I will set my face
against that person who eats blood and
will cut him off from among his people
for the life of the flesh is in the
blood and I have given it to you upon
the altar to make atonement for your
souls for it is the blood that makes
atonement for the Soul
therefore I said to the children of
Israel no one among you shall eat blood
nor shall any stranger who dwells among
you eat blood whatever man of the
children of Israel or of the strangers
who dwell among you who hunts and
catches any animal or bird that may be
eaten he shall pour out its blood and
cover it with dust for it is the life of
all flesh it's blood sustains its life
therefore I said to the children of
Israel you shall not eat the blood of
any flesh for the life of all flesh is
its blood
whoever eats it shall be cut off and
every person who eats what died
naturally or what was torn by beasts
whether he is a native of your own
country or a stranger he shall both wash
his clothes and bathe in water and be
unclean until evening then he shall be
clean but if he does not wash them or
bathe his body then he shall bear his
guilt
[Music]
you